8359123: Misleading examples in jmod man page (#25772)
openjdk/jdk: src/jdk.jlink/share/man/jmod.md

    `--hash-modules`.

`--target-platform` *platform*
:   Specifies the target platform of a JMOD file intended for a specific
    operating system and architecture. The value should follow
    the format `<os>-<arch>`, where `<os>` is the operating system
    and `<arch>` is the hardware architecture. Example values include

>     `linux-x64`, `windows-x64`, and `macos-aarch64`.

Author: I updated the values.

    `--hash-modules`.

`--target-platform` *platform*
:   Specifies the target platform. The value is a string identifying

>     the module's intended platform, typically in the form `<os>-<arch>`.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion. Below is an excerpt from the update. Please let me know if it works.

Specifies the target platform when creating a JMOD file intended for a specific operating system and architecture. The value should follow the format `<os>-<arch>`, where `<os>` is the operating system and `<arch>` is the hardware architecture. Example values include`linux-x64`, `windows-x64`, and `macos-aarch64`.

>     the plarform the module is intended for, typically in the form `<os>-<arch>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the platform this module is intended for, typically in the form `<os>-<arch>`.
```

>     the platform this module is intended for, typically in the form `<os>-<arch>`.

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, Iris. I've incorporated it.

    An options file is a text file that contains the options and values that
    you would ordinarily enter in a command prompt. Options may appear on one
    line or on several lines. You may not specify environment variables for

>     path names. You may comment out lines by prefixing a hash symbol (`#`) to

Reviewer: _Baxinga!_

      --cmds commands --config configfiles --header-files src/h
      --libs lib --main-class com.greetings.Main
      --man-pages man --module-version 1.0

>       --target-platform "macOS-aarch64" greetingsmod

Reviewer 2: Can you change it to "macos-aarch64" as it is case sensitive.

Author: Thank you for spotting this. I updated both areas related to the target platform.

> ## jmod Create Example

Author: Well spotted. Thank you 😄 .

> The basic manner to create a JMOD file is by including only compiled classes:

Author: I followed the pattern you suggested. Thank you.

```
jmod create --class-path build/foo/classes jmods/foo1.jmod
```

> To ensure reproducible artifacts, the following command creates

Author: Thought it would be good to provide a reason for _why_ as well. But will keep the pattern for describing the command.

a JMOD file specifying the date for the entries as `2022 March 15 00:00:00`:

```
jmod create --class-path build/foo/classes --date 2022-03-15T00:00:00Z
   jmods/foo2.jmod
```

The command below creates a platform-specific JMOD file, bundling class files,

> user-editable configuration files, header files, native commands and libraries:

Author: Thank you for the suggestions. I preferred to go ahead with _all_ approach. Can you please take a look again at the changes?

Thank you.
